guys today we're going to take a look at
a beautiful 1956 Pontiac two-door
station wagon model 860 complete
nut-and-bolt frame off restoration
beautiful beautiful work
got the lighted hood ornament
it'll automatically earring tripower v8
very nicely done
well brightwork is very nice paint sex
line
cars been driven 22 miles since the
completion of the restoration AM radio
clock
wagon comes with a lot of original
brochures pamphlets service guide
really nice literature to have with it
it's got some Clarion aftermarket
speakers that middle seat pulls down
set this down a second
in here I don't know if you can see that
trim tag
Silver Streak v8 tripower three
Rochester two barrels
very nice attention to detail
take a look underneath
guys that's about as clean as it gets
ah
take a look under the back
look at that
I think you'd have to agree that that's
about as nice as you could ask for this
restoration was done right
guys this cars being offered up by race
Gilman collector car sales located on
the south side of Indianapolis Indiana
our website is race Gilman classic cars
calm my name's David Clark you can reach
me at three one seven three seven one
eight nine three five appreciate you
taking the time to look